Add reference to vim-vue-plugin (#163)
posva/vim-vue: readme.md

implementation for this but found his code much cleaner. That's why I created a
new version instead of a PR.

> > [!WARNING]
> > This project is currently not actively maintained. Some alternatives that receive more frequent updates:
> >
> > - [leafOfTree/vim-vue-plugin](https://github.com/leafOfTree/vim-vue-plugin)
> > - [nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter)
> > - [vuejs/language-tools](https://github.com/vuejs/language-tools?tab=readme-ov-file#community-integration)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!WARNING]
> This project is currently not actively maintained. We recommend to check the official [vuejs/language-tools](https://github.com/vuejs/language-tools?tab=readme-ov-file#community-integration) instead.
```
